README.md, before:

# CounterStrike 2 FPS Benchmark result
Collecting CS2 "FPS Benchmark" benchmark results for referencing.

For who kindly provided their graphics settings, I'll new a folder for listing their settings, naming as "Avg FPS+P1 FPS+Spec".

# Results: 
| CPU | GPU | RAM | Avg FPS | P1 FPS | Resolution + Overall Graphics Settings | Date of benchmark |
| :-- | :-- | --- | :------ | :------ | :------------------------------------ | :---------------- |
| Ryzen 7600 PBO on | GeForce RTX3080 10G @ 1800Mhz | DDR5 5600C42 | 458.1 | 197.6 | 1080P + Overall low graphics settings | 2024/05/10 |
| Ryzen 7600 PBO on | GeForce RTX3080 10G @ 1800Mhz | DDR5 5600C42 | 472.5 | 182.5 | 1080P + Overall low graphics settings + FSR Performance | 2024/05/10 |
| Ryzen 7600 PBO on | GeForce RTX3080 10G @ 1800Mhz | DDR5 5600C42 | 336.8 | 151.2 | 1080P Maximum Preset | 2024/05/10 |
| Intel 13900HX @ PL1=80w | GeForce RTX4060 Mobile DB2.0 Disabled | DDR5 5600 JEDEC | 357.8 | 181.2 | 1080P + Overall low | 2024/05/10 |
| Intel 13900HX @ PL1=80w | GeForce RTX4060 Mobile DB2.0 Disabled | DDR5 5600 JEDEC | 468.8 | 180.4 | 1080P + Overall low + FSRP | 2024/05/10 |
| Intel 13600KF 6P12T | GeForce RTX4070Ti | DDR5 6400C36XMP | 373.6 | 185.8 | 1440P + Overall High | 2024/05/10 |
| Intel 13600KF 6P12T | GeForce RTX4070Ti | DDR5 6400C36XMP | 398.3 | 183.1 | 1440P + Overall High + FSRP | 2024/05/10 |
| Intel 13600KF 6P8e20T | GeForce RTX4070Ti | DDR5 6400C36XMP | 438.9 | 192.3 | 1440P + Overall High + FSRP | 2024/05/10 |
| Ryzen 5800H @ PL1=54W | GeForce RTX3070 Mobile | DDR4 3200 JEDEC | 190.3 | 104.9 | 2160P + Overall Low | 2024/05/10 |
| Ryzen 7800X3D PBO on | Radeon RX 7900XTX | DDR5 6000C30XMP | 572.5 | 269.7 | 1440P + Overall High + FSRP | 2024/05/10 |
| Ryzen 7800X3D PBO on| Radeon RX 7900XTX | DDR5 6000C30XMP | 474.2 | 251.8 | 1440P + Overall High | 2024/05/10 |
| Ryzen 7800X3D PBO on, CO-40 | GeForce RTX4070Super | DDR5 6000C30XMP | 497.8 | 279.7 | 1280x960 + Overall High | 2024/05/10 |
| Intel 12700KF 8P16T | GeForce RTX4070Super | DDR5 6400C36XMP | 447.1 | 201.2 | 1440P + Overall Low | 2024/05/10 |
| Intel 12700KF 8P16T | GeForce RTX4070Super | DDR5 6400C36XMP | 468.4 | 199.9 | 1440P + Overall Low + FSRP | 2024/05/10 |
| Ryzen 5800X3D | Radeon RX 6700XT | DDR4 3600XMP | 582.2 | 224.8 | 1280x960 + Overall Low | 2024/05/06 |
| Ryzen 5800X3D | Radeon RX 6700XT | DDR4 3600XMP | 480.6 | 235.4 | 1280x960 + Overall High | 2024/05/06 |
| Ryzen 5800X3D | Radeon RX 6700XT | DDR4 3600XMP | 516.0 | 243.6 | 1280x960 + Overall High | 2024/05/09 |
| Intel 12400F | Radeon RX 6700XT | DDR5 5200XMP | 268.6 | 129.9 | 1080P + Overall High | 2024/05/11 |
| Intel 11400F | GeForce GTX1060 6G | DDR4 3000XMP | 231.4 | 130.4 | 1080P + Overall Low | 2024/05/11 |
| Ryzen 5800X3D | GeForce RTX3070 LHR | DDR4 3600XMP | 365.5 | 193.9 | 1080P + Overall High | 2024/05/11 |  
| Ryzen 5900X PBO on | GeForce RTX4090 @ 2800Mhz | DDR4 3600C16XMP | 471.8 | 186.0 | 1080P + All Low + No AA | 2024/05/11 |  
| Ryzen 5900X PBO on | GeForce RTX4090 @ 2800Mhz | DDR4 3600C16XMP | 445.3 | 173.1 | 1080P + All High + No AA | 2024/05/11 | 
| Ryzen 5900X PBO on | GeForce RTX4090 @ 2800Mhz | DDR4 3600C16XMP | 432.8 | 172.3 | 1080P + All High + 4xMSAA | 2024/05/11 |  
| Ryzen 5900X PBO on | GeForce RTX4090 @ 2800Mhz | DDR4 3600C16XMP | 347.5 | 127.8 | 2160P + All High + No AA | 2024/05/11 |  
| Ryzen 5900X PBO on | GeForce RTX4090 @ 2800Mhz | DDR4 3600C16XMP | 325.0 | 137.9 | 2160P + All High + 4xMSAA | 2024/05/11 |  
| Ryzen 5900X PBO on | GeForce RTX4090 @ 2800Mhz | DDR4 3600C16XMP | 124.2 | 51.9 | 4320P + All High + No AA | 2024/05/11 |  
| Ryzen 7800X3D PBO on, per core CO, FCLK 2200Mhz | GeForce RTX3080 10G | DDR5 6000C28EXPO | 854.3 | 327.2 | 1080P + All Low | 2024/05/10 |
| Ryzen 7600X | Radeon RX 7900XT | DDR5 5400C40XMP | 511 | 209 | 1440P + Overall High | 2024/05/13 |
| Intel 13500 6P8e20T PL1=4095 | GeForce RTX4060Ti @ 2800Mhz/10400MTs' | DDR4 3400C14 B-die | 583.6 | 238.5 | 1280x960 + Overall Low | 2024/05/16 |
| Intel 13500 6P8e20T PL1=4095 | GeForce RTX4060Ti @ 2800Mhz/10400MTs' | DDR4 3400C14 B-die | 593.9 | 237.4 | 1280x960 + Overall Low + FSRP | 2024/05/16 |
| Intel 12400 6P12T | Radeon RX580 @ Vcore=0.99V/Mem=2100Mhz | DDR4 3333C16 | 324.4 | 174.0 | 1280x1024 + Overall Low + FSRQ | 2024/05/20 |
| Intel 12400 6P12T | Radeon RX580 @ Vcore=0.99V/Mem=2100Mhz | DDR4 3333C16 | 284.9 | 177.8 | 1920x1080 + Overall Low + FSRP | 2024/05/20 |
| Intel 12400 6P12T | Radeon RX580 @ Vcore=0.99V/Mem=2100Mhz | DDR4 3333C16 | 241.4 | 124.4 | 1280x1024 + Overall Low  | 2024/05/20 |
| Intel 12400 6P12T | Radeon RX580 @ Vcore=0.99V/Mem=2100Mhz | DDR4 3333C16 | 80.0 | 42.2 | 1080P Maximum Preset | 2024/05/20 |
| CPU | GPU | RAM | Avg FPS | P1 FPS | Resolution + Overall Graphics Settings | Date of benchmark |
| CPU | GPU | RAM | Avg FPS | P1 FPS | Resolution + Overall Graphics Settings | Date of benchmark |

## Why collecting benchmark result from player is useful?
I'm not criticizing but there are limitations for general reviewers who might play or not the game.
At the same time they simply can't using E-Sport settings for their reviews of product. Or they have not transfer their reviews to CS2 version of the game yet. 
Also, if they are getting started benchmarking new component using CS2, they are going to choose whether test huge amount of data for old hardware, or just pick some iconic ones, which is less useful for general player who don't upgrade their PC yearly. 

An example, TechPowerUp still use CSGO FPS Benchmark for their 14th gen review:

https://www.techpowerup.com/review/intel-core-i5-14600k/17.html

It is also need to be considered that daily driving machine is not background application free. More cores might not effecting FPS in reviews, but will effect real life situation.





## How to benchmark?
Use this workshop map: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3240880604

## How to submit result?
### You can..
New an issue, list your result in this way: (Recommended)

1 CPU

1-1 if Overclocked/Tweaked, what frequency or power setting you are running at? (which is optional, if not OC then do not include)

2 GPU

2-1 if Overclocked/Tweaked...

3 RAM Speed and important timings, if XMP then just give freq.+XMP.

3-1 if...

4 Avg FPS/P1 FPS

### Or
Send email title started with CS2 Benchmark result + *Date of benchmark* to uubxar7dl@mozmail.com

### Why not Google Docs?
Because Google is completely banned in some countries... And also you can check the history. 

## What graphics setting and resolution should I use?
### Submit one of the choices, but MORE is BETTERRRR
1. Result of your own combination favor, such as 4:3 1280x960 with your own graphics settings. You do not need to specify your settings but you can. **BUT if you uses FSR, you MUST list in your description.** (This will be a "optimized situation" performance showcase of your hardware.)
2. Native 16:9 1080P/1440P/2160P with Maximum Preset (1080P is better, this will be a GPU limited benchmark for average random player.)
3. Native 16:9 1080P your settings with Fidelity FX SuperResolution set to Performance (this will be a CPU limited benchmark for average random player.)

### My tuned settings for weaker GPU is in folder "my graphics setting file", following settings is outdated
Don't change any graphics settings in game. Modify cs2_video.txt directly.

It should remain framerate similar to 1080P all low, but kept player shadows visible and high definition of weapon model. 

I'll benchmark today (05/22) on 7600+3080, but my friends and I don't have a truly weak GPU to check the value of my profile. 

I got significant performance increase using on 4060 mobile, but i don't know if it is really useful for people who have a card slower than 2060. Truly appreciate if there's someone would help me to test it.


## Example for submitting result:
1 Ryzen 5 7600

1-1 PBO on

2 RTX3080

2-1 Undervolted, GPU gaming frequency at 1800Mhz

3 DDR5 5600XMP

4 

4-1 1080P + Overall low graphics settings: 458.1/182.5

4-2 1080P + Overall low graphics settings + FSR Performance: 472.5/197.6

4-3 1080P Maximum: 336.8/151.2

5

Date of benchmark (default to be issue/email sending date)




### Don't worry, I'll update the form when I can't play CS2... So no updates on weekends XD


And I don't have relay premium so no replies sorry.


### What's next?
Share, subscribe, click that bell button... Just joking.

But share this project to your friends, maybe they can also submit results of their machine. I believe this will be a better reference book than checking reviewers buying guide...

Man the graphics cards are way too expensive nowadays...



### Previously recommended graphics setting (Outdated)
Player contrast: ON

V-Sync: off

Anti aliasing: CMAA2

Global Shadow: High

Model/Texture detail: Low

Texture filtering: Bi

Shadow detail: Low

Particle detail: Low

Ambient occlusion: Medium

HDR: Performance

FSR: Disable

Reflex: Enable+Boost

Commit message:

updated benchmark of 7600+3080 with my tuned settings

README.md, after:

# CounterStrike 2 FPS Benchmark result
Collecting CS2 "FPS Benchmark" benchmark results for referencing.

For who kindly provided their graphics settings, I'll new a folder for listing their settings, naming as "Avg FPS+P1 FPS+Spec".

# Results: 
| CPU | GPU | RAM | Avg FPS | P1 FPS | Resolution + Overall Graphics Settings | Date of benchmark |
| :-- | :-- | --- | :------ | :------ | :------------------------------------ | :---------------- |
| Ryzen 7600 PBO on | GeForce RTX3080 10G @ 1800Mhz | DDR5 5600C42 | 458.1 | 197.6 | 1080P + Overall low graphics settings | 2024/05/10 |
| Ryzen 7600 PBO on | GeForce RTX3080 10G @ 1800Mhz | DDR5 5600C42 | 472.5 | 182.5 | 1080P + Overall low graphics settings + FSR Performance | 2024/05/10 |
| Ryzen 7600 PBO on | GeForce RTX3080 10G @ 1800Mhz | DDR5 5600C42 | 336.8 | 151.2 | 1080P Maximum Preset | 2024/05/10 |
| Intel 13900HX @ PL1=80w | GeForce RTX4060 Mobile DB2.0 Disabled | DDR5 5600 JEDEC | 357.8 | 181.2 | 1080P + Overall low | 2024/05/10 |
| Intel 13900HX @ PL1=80w | GeForce RTX4060 Mobile DB2.0 Disabled | DDR5 5600 JEDEC | 468.8 | 180.4 | 1080P + Overall low + FSRP | 2024/05/10 |
| Intel 13600KF 6P12T | GeForce RTX4070Ti | DDR5 6400C36XMP | 373.6 | 185.8 | 1440P + Overall High | 2024/05/10 |
| Intel 13600KF 6P12T | GeForce RTX4070Ti | DDR5 6400C36XMP | 398.3 | 183.1 | 1440P + Overall High + FSRP | 2024/05/10 |
| Intel 13600KF 6P8e20T | GeForce RTX4070Ti | DDR5 6400C36XMP | 438.9 | 192.3 | 1440P + Overall High + FSRP | 2024/05/10 |
| Ryzen 5800H @ PL1=54W | GeForce RTX3070 Mobile | DDR4 3200 JEDEC | 190.3 | 104.9 | 2160P + Overall Low | 2024/05/10 |
| Ryzen 7800X3D PBO on | Radeon RX 7900XTX | DDR5 6000C30XMP | 572.5 | 269.7 | 1440P + Overall High + FSRP | 2024/05/10 |
| Ryzen 7800X3D PBO on| Radeon RX 7900XTX | DDR5 6000C30XMP | 474.2 | 251.8 | 1440P + Overall High | 2024/05/10 |
| Ryzen 7800X3D PBO on, CO-40 | GeForce RTX4070Super | DDR5 6000C30XMP | 497.8 | 279.7 | 1280x960 + Overall High | 2024/05/10 |
| Intel 12700KF 8P16T | GeForce RTX4070Super | DDR5 6400C36XMP | 447.1 | 201.2 | 1440P + Overall Low | 2024/05/10 |
| Intel 12700KF 8P16T | GeForce RTX4070Super | DDR5 6400C36XMP | 468.4 | 199.9 | 1440P + Overall Low + FSRP | 2024/05/10 |
| Ryzen 5800X3D | Radeon RX 6700XT | DDR4 3600XMP | 582.2 | 224.8 | 1280x960 + Overall Low | 2024/05/06 |
| Ryzen 5800X3D | Radeon RX 6700XT | DDR4 3600XMP | 480.6 | 235.4 | 1280x960 + Overall High | 2024/05/06 |
| Ryzen 5800X3D | Radeon RX 6700XT | DDR4 3600XMP | 516.0 | 243.6 | 1280x960 + Overall High | 2024/05/09 |
| Intel 12400F | Radeon RX 6700XT | DDR5 5200XMP | 268.6 | 129.9 | 1080P + Overall High | 2024/05/11 |
| Intel 11400F | GeForce GTX1060 6G | DDR4 3000XMP | 231.4 | 130.4 | 1080P + Overall Low | 2024/05/11 |
| Ryzen 5800X3D | GeForce RTX3070 LHR | DDR4 3600XMP | 365.5 | 193.9 | 1080P + Overall High | 2024/05/11 |  
| Ryzen 5900X PBO on | GeForce RTX4090 @ 2800Mhz | DDR4 3600C16XMP | 471.8 | 186.0 | 1080P + All Low + No AA | 2024/05/11 |  
| Ryzen 5900X PBO on | GeForce RTX4090 @ 2800Mhz | DDR4 3600C16XMP | 445.3 | 173.1 | 1080P + All High + No AA | 2024/05/11 | 
| Ryzen 5900X PBO on | GeForce RTX4090 @ 2800Mhz | DDR4 3600C16XMP | 432.8 | 172.3 | 1080P + All High + 4xMSAA | 2024/05/11 |  
| Ryzen 5900X PBO on | GeForce RTX4090 @ 2800Mhz | DDR4 3600C16XMP | 347.5 | 127.8 | 2160P + All High + No AA | 2024/05/11 |  
| Ryzen 5900X PBO on | GeForce RTX4090 @ 2800Mhz | DDR4 3600C16XMP | 325.0 | 137.9 | 2160P + All High + 4xMSAA | 2024/05/11 |  
| Ryzen 5900X PBO on | GeForce RTX4090 @ 2800Mhz | DDR4 3600C16XMP | 124.2 | 51.9 | 4320P + All High + No AA | 2024/05/11 |  
| Ryzen 7800X3D PBO on, per core CO, FCLK 2200Mhz | GeForce RTX3080 10G | DDR5 6000C28EXPO | 854.3 | 327.2 | 1080P + All Low | 2024/05/10 |
| Ryzen 7600X | Radeon RX 7900XT | DDR5 5400C40XMP | 511 | 209 | 1440P + Overall High | 2024/05/13 |
| Intel 13500 6P8e20T PL1=4095 | GeForce RTX4060Ti @ 2800Mhz/10400MTs' | DDR4 3400C14 B-die | 583.6 | 238.5 | 1280x960 + Overall Low | 2024/05/16 |
| Intel 13500 6P8e20T PL1=4095 | GeForce RTX4060Ti @ 2800Mhz/10400MTs' | DDR4 3400C14 B-die | 593.9 | 237.4 | 1280x960 + Overall Low + FSRP | 2024/05/16 |
| Intel 12400 6P12T | Radeon RX580 @ Vcore=0.99V/Mem=2100Mhz | DDR4 3333C16 | 324.4 | 174.0 | 1280x1024 + Overall Low + FSRQ | 2024/05/20 |
| Intel 12400 6P12T | Radeon RX580 @ Vcore=0.99V/Mem=2100Mhz | DDR4 3333C16 | 284.9 | 177.8 | 1920x1080 + Overall Low + FSRP | 2024/05/20 |
| Intel 12400 6P12T | Radeon RX580 @ Vcore=0.99V/Mem=2100Mhz | DDR4 3333C16 | 241.4 | 124.4 | 1280x1024 + Overall Low  | 2024/05/20 |
| Intel 12400 6P12T | Radeon RX580 @ Vcore=0.99V/Mem=2100Mhz | DDR4 3333C16 | 80.0 | 42.2 | 1080P Maximum Preset | 2024/05/20 |
| Ryzen 7600 PBO on | GeForce RTX3080 10G @ 1800Mhz | DDR5 5600C42 | 485.6 | 197.2 | 1080P + All Low Shadow High | 2024/05/22 |
| Ryzen 7600 PBO on | GeForce RTX3080 10G @ 1800Mhz | DDR5 5600C42 | 513.1 | 191.4 | 1080P + All Low Shadow High + FSR Performance | 2024/05/22 |
| Ryzen 7600 PBO on | GeForce RTX3080 10G @ 1800Mhz | DDR5 5600C42 | 510.8 | 195.1 | 1080P + My cs2_video.txt | 2024/05/22 |
| Ryzen 7600 PBO on | GeForce RTX3080 10G @ 1800Mhz | DDR5 5600C42 | 526.0 | 208.5 | 1080P + My cs2_video.txt + FSR Performance | 2024/05/22 |
| CPU | GPU | RAM | Avg FPS | P1 FPS | Resolution + Overall Graphics Settings | Date of benchmark |
| CPU | GPU | RAM | Avg FPS | P1 FPS | Resolution + Overall Graphics Settings | Date of benchmark |

## Why collecting benchmark result from player is useful?
I'm not criticizing but there are limitations for general reviewers who might play or not the game.
At the same time they simply can't using E-Sport settings for their reviews of product. Or they have not transfer their reviews to CS2 version of the game yet. 
Also, if they are getting started benchmarking new component using CS2, they are going to choose whether test huge amount of data for old hardware, or just pick some iconic ones, which is less useful for general player who don't upgrade their PC yearly. 

An example, TechPowerUp still use CSGO FPS Benchmark for their 14th gen review:

https://www.techpowerup.com/review/intel-core-i5-14600k/17.html

It is also need to be considered that daily driving machine is not background application free. More cores might not effecting FPS in reviews, but will effect real life situation.





## How to benchmark?
Use this workshop map: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3240880604

## How to submit result?
### You can..
New an issue, list your result in this way: (Recommended)

1 CPU

1-1 if Overclocked/Tweaked, what frequency or power setting you are running at? (which is optional, if not OC then do not include)

2 GPU

2-1 if Overclocked/Tweaked...

3 RAM Speed and important timings, if XMP then just give freq.+XMP.

3-1 if...

4 Avg FPS/P1 FPS

### Or
Send email title started with CS2 Benchmark result + *Date of benchmark* to uubxar7dl@mozmail.com

### Why not Google Docs?
Because Google is completely banned in some countries... And also you can check the history. 

## What graphics setting and resolution should I use?
### Submit one of the choices, but MORE is BETTERRRR
1. Result of your own combination favor, such as 4:3 1280x960 with your own graphics settings. You do not need to specify your settings but you can. **BUT if you uses FSR, you MUST list in your description.** (This will be a "optimized situation" performance showcase of your hardware.)
2. Native 16:9 1080P/1440P/2160P with Maximum Preset (1080P is better, this will be a GPU limited benchmark for average random player.)
3. Native 16:9 1080P your settings with Fidelity FX SuperResolution set to Performance (this will be a CPU limited benchmark for average random player.)


### My tuned settings for weaker GPU is in folder "my graphics setting file", following settings is outdated
Don't change any graphics settings in game. Modify cs2_video.txt directly. And make sure you edit at least venderID and deviceID. I'm not sure is there any other things need to be changed to your value.

It should remain framerate similar to 1080P all low, but kept player shadows visible and high definition of weapon model. 

My friends and I don't have a truly weak GPU to check the value of my profile. 

I got significant performance increase using on 4060 mobile, but i don't know if it is really useful for people who have a card slower than 2060. Truly appreciate if there's someone would help me to test it. 

I got slightly improvement on 7600+3080, it slightly reduced CPU performance requirement.


## Example for submitting result:
1 Ryzen 5 7600

1-1 PBO on

2 RTX3080

2-1 Undervolted, GPU gaming frequency at 1800Mhz

3 DDR5 5600XMP

4 

4-1 1080P + Overall low graphics settings: 458.1/182.5

4-2 1080P + Overall low graphics settings + FSR Performance: 472.5/197.6

4-3 1080P Maximum: 336.8/151.2

5

Date of benchmark (default to be issue/email sending date)




### Don't worry, I'll update the form when I can't play CS2... So no updates on weekends XD


And I don't have relay premium so no replies sorry.


### What's next?
Share, subscribe, click that bell button... Just joking.

But share this project to your friends, maybe they can also submit results of their machine. I believe this will be a better reference book than checking reviewers buying guide...

Man the graphics cards are way too expensive nowadays...



### Previously recommended graphics setting (Outdated)
Player contrast: ON

V-Sync: off

Anti aliasing: CMAA2

Global Shadow: High

Model/Texture detail: Low

Texture filtering: Bi

Shadow detail: Low

Particle detail: Low

Ambient occlusion: Medium

HDR: Performance

FSR: Disable

Reflex: Enable+Boost
